#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy
=Introduction=
From version 1.8 on the Digitalus CMS features an improved templating concept.
A detailed description of how to get started with this templating system can be downloaded from the [http://digitalus-cms.googlecode.com/files/Designing%20Templates%20for%20Digitalus%20CMS.pdf Google code site].
Here You can find a list with currently supported Digitalus tags and their attributes.

=Digitalus Tags=

==All Tags==

===Attributes===
For all types the following attributes are available:
  * _group_: It is used to group the controls in content sections. For each group a list item is created at page->edit: page options->content sections.
  * _id_: a unique id for the digitalusTag.
  * _label_: a label that appears in the admin area for this DigitalusTag; if no label is given, the id is used as label; the label is translated.
  * _required_: defines whether this form element is required.
  * _type_: the type of DigitalusTag.

==Digitalus Control==

===Description===
A DigitalusControl provides a form element in the admin area. The controls can be divided into three different types of inputs. The control's type attribute is *case sensitive*!!
  # simple text input fields (_text_, _textarea_)
  # javascript supported input fields (_fckeditor_, _markitup_, _tinymce_, _wymeditor_, _wysiwyg_)
  # dropdown list to select a module (_moduleSelector_)

===Example===
`<digitalusControl type='fckeditor' id='content' required='true' cols='60' rows='4' group='main' />`

===Attributes===
||*attribute*||*supported values*||*description*||*supported attributes*||
||type||text||simple text type input field `<input type="text" />`||_group_, _`<input type="text" />` tag allowed attributes_||
|| ||textarea||textarea `<textarea></textarea>`||_group_, _`<textarea>` tag allowed attributes_||
|| ||fckeditor||fckeditor javascript input field||_group_, _`<textarea>` tag allowed attributes_||
|| ||markitup||markitup javascript input field||_group_, _`<textarea>` tag allowed attributes_||
|| ||tinymce||tinymce javascript input field||_group_, _`<textarea>` tag allowed attributes_||
|| ||wymeditor||wymeditor javascript input field||_group_, _`<textarea>` tag allowed attributes_||
|| ||wysiwyg||jquery wysiwyg javascript input field||_group_, _`<textarea>` tag allowed attributes_||
|| ||moduleSelector||module selection dropdown list||_group_, _`<select>` tag allowed attributes_||

==Digitalus Navigation==

===Description===
The DigitalusNavigation tag provides the possibilty to simply add navigational structure to the template. Three different types are supported currently, i.e. _menu_, _submenu_ and _breadcrumbs_

===Example===
`<digitalusNavigation type='menu' parentId='0' levels='1' currentLevel='1' id='menu' />`

`<digitalusNavigation type='submenu' id='submenu' levels='2' />`

`<digitalusNavigation type='breadcrumbs' id='breadcrumb' />`

===Attributes===
||*attribute*||*supported values*||*description*||*supported attributes*||
||type||menu||creates a menu using the view helper _Digitalus_View_Helper_Navigation_RenderMenu_||*parentId*, *levels*, *currentLevel*, *id*||
|| ||submenu||creates a submenu using the view helper _Digitalus_View_Helper_Navigation_RenderSubmenu_||*levels*, *id*||
|| ||breadcrumbs||creates a submenu using the view helper _Digitalus_View_Helper_Navigation_RenderBreadcrumbs_||*separator*, *siteRoot*||

==Digitalus Partial==

===Description===

===Example===

===Attributes===