#labels Phase-Deploy
= Introduction =
==*_Version 1.10 is currently being developed in SVN_*==

In version 1.10 of the Digitalus CMS have been made some significant changes in the database structure, especially regarding the database _users_ and _pages_.
This requires an update of the databases. To achieve this, both an SQL file and a Digitalus Command are provided.

= Significant changes and new features =
To clean up the directory structure, the _data_ and _configs_ directories have been moved into the _admin_ module directory.

The _models_ directory has also been moved into the _admin_ module directory.

The _language_ directory has been renamed to _languages_ with a trailing _s_. This also affects the modules. Modules' translation files have to reside in a directory called _languages_.

In version 1.10 some changes to the model _users_ have been made. It is now possible (and required) to define a username for each user. In a first step, the email address is copied to use as username (by database update).
Users can now be (de)activated.
This comes along with a registration module to register new users via the frontend.

In modules until v1.10 it was only possible to assign a frontend action (PublicController) to a page. Now it's possible to define the action name via a url parameter. Simply add _/p/a/ACTIONNAME_ to the url and the action _ACTIONNAME_ will be performed instead of the indexAction.

Each page now has form fields for _label_ and _headline_. This makes it possible to add not only different page content for each language, but from now on also page labels. These labels appear in the menu respectively in breadcrumbs. This makes the menu fully translatable (a common user request).

= Upgrading from version 1.9 =
If You want to upgrade Your installation from version 1.9 to 1.10, please perform the following steps:
  * make a backup copy of both - all Your files and Your databases
  * Download the zip file of Digitalus v1.10
  * start Your webserver and log in into the admin area
  * Go to *_site_*
  * go to *_open console_* (on the left side)
  * unzip the zip file and copy the contents in Your installation path (Your old Digitalus CMS contents will be overwritten, but *not* the configuration file)
  * type in the *_UpdateVersion110_* command (case-sensitive !!)
  * push the *_Info_* button to get a note about what's happening
  * push the *_run command_* button to run the command and update the databases
  * adjust the language path in Your config.xml as follows:
{{{
<language>
    <path>./application/admin/data/languages</path>
    ...
</language>
}}}
  * done

= Upgrading from older versions =
If You upgrade from a version prior to version 1.9, first update to the version 1.9.